Document metrics alerting, retention, cost, and limits (#2413)
superfly/docs: monitoring/metrics.html.md

  -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN"
```

## Retention, cost, and limits

> Prometheus on Fly.io retains metric data for approximately 15 days and is meant for operational monitoring. If you need longer retention, run your own monitoring stack (Fly's [Observability for User Apps](/docs/blueprints/observability-for-user-apps/) blueprint deploys a ready-made one) or federate from the Fly.io endpoint into your own Prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prometheus on Fly.io retains metric data for approximately 15 days and is intended for operational monitoring. If you need longer retention, run your own monitoring stack. Fly.io's [Observability for User Apps](/docs/blueprints/observability-for-user-apps/) guide deploys a ready-made stack, or you can federate from the Fly.io endpoint into your own Prometheus installation.
```

> There's currently no additional charge for the managed Prometheus and Grafana. Pricing could change in the future, and Fly will give advance notice.

Reviewer: Suggest changing "Fly" to "Fly.io" throughout, as it's our naming standard.

A couple of practical limits to be aware of:

> - Fly caps your app's metrics endpoint response at 16 KiB and drops anything larger.

Reviewer: Suggest "Fly.io" or "We" on the bullet list items

To install, just [import the dashboard](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/export-import/#import-dashboard) using the listed IDs.
If you'd like to contribute changes to the dashboards, we have created a [repository](https://github.com/superfly/dashboards) for them.

## Alerting

> Fly.io doesn't include built-in alerting on metrics, so you set up alerting yourself against the Prometheus endpoint. Two common approaches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fly.io doesn't include built-in alerting on metrics, so you'll need to set up alerting yourself against the Prometheus endpoint. Two common approaches:
```

- **Grafana alerting**: connect the Fly.io Prometheus data source to a Grafana instance (see the [External or self-hosted Grafana](#external-or-self-hosted-grafana) section), then create [Grafana alert rules](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/) on queries against the data source and send the alerts to a contact point such as email, Slack, or PagerDuty.
- **Prometheus and Alertmanager**: run your own [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) that federates from the Fly.io endpoint and use [Alertmanager](https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/latest/alertmanager/) to send notifications.

> If you don't already run Grafana or Prometheus, Fly's [Observability for User Apps](/docs/blueprints/observability-for-user-apps/) blueprint deploys a ready-made stack (VictoriaMetrics and Grafana) you can build alerts on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already run Grafana or Prometheus, Fly's [Observability for User Apps](/docs/blueprints/observability-for-user-apps/) guide deploys a ready-made stack (VictoriaMetrics and Grafana) you can build alerts on.
```
